Jenna rink couldn't grow up fast enough
smile sweetie don't you knock are you
wearing a bra you're not soap on her
13th birthday
ah check this out wishing dust she only
made one wish 13 I just want to be grown
up and she woke up 17 years later I've
never seen before there was a naked man
on my shower now he's got a lot of
catching up to do repeat after me I am
Jenna ranked Big Time magazine editor
France Eminem's on the phone he wants
that decision now please peanut
[Music]
so anything else you need from me
actually I need to find this I and it's
me Jenna why are you here yesterday was
my 13th birthday and mr. day I woke up
and I'm this there's something really
weird going on
[Music]
one woman will discover thank you dress
because they've got these incredible
boobs to fill it out she's truly a kid
at heart it's 11 o'clock on a school
night not even a party it's so cool it's
11 o'clock and people are leaving maybe
here somebody played something other
than this coming play whatever you want
[Music]
[Applause]
revolution Studios presents
yeah
and I just floated home on a cloud so
romantic Jennifer Garner Mark Ruffalo
[Music]
13 going on 30
mr. hottie behind you it's totally
scamming on your own should I go talk to
him I actually came over here because I
think you're really cute so do you want
to go out sometime ah we're gonna take
off now but he want to go to jail and a
bad guy
[Music]